Add developer docs (#43)
openshift/cluster-capi-operator: docs/controllers/cluster.md

# Cluster controller

## Overview

> Cluster controller is responsible managing Cluster and InfrastructureCluster(AWSCluster, etc.) CRs. Both object will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster controller is responsible managing Cluster and InfrastructureCluster(AWSCluster, etc.) CRs. Both objects will
```

represent the current cluster where operator is running because we treat this cluster as both management and workload.

## Behavior

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> IsCurrentPlatformSupported
    state IsCurrentPlatformSupported <<choice>>
    IsCurrentPlatformSupported --> NoOp: False
    IsCurrentPlatformSupported --> CreateOrUpdateInfrastructureCluster: True
    CreateOrUpdateInfrastructureCluster --> SetInfrastructureClusterSpec
    SetInfrastructureClusterSpec --> SetInfrastructureClusterStatusReady
    SetInfrastructureClusterStatusReady --> CreateOrUpdateCoreCluster
    CreateOrUpdateCoreCluster --> SetCoreClusterInfrastructureRef
    SetCoreClusterInfrastructureRef --> [*]
    NoOp --> [*]

> ```

Reviewer: +1 very nice

> If the current platform is not supported, the controller will not create any cluster objects and allow BYO scenarios.

Reviewer: i think we should just say "bring your own" instead of BYO. you could even add quotes around it to denote its meaning. eg
```suggestion
If the current platform is not supported, the controller will not create any cluster objects and allow "bring your own" scenarios.
```

> In case when the platform is supported, the controller will create the appropriate infrastructure cluster object. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where the platform is supported, the controller will create the appropriate infrastructure cluster object. It
```

> will set cluster externally managed annotation `"cluster.x-k8s.io/managed-by"` and `Status.Ready` to `true` that indicates that the cluster is managed by current controller and not by CAPI infrastructure provider. It will also set cluster spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will set the cluster externally managed annotation `"cluster.x-k8s.io/managed-by"` and `Status.Ready` to `true` which indicates that the cluster is managed by the current controller and not by the CAPI infrastructure provider. It will also set the cluster spec
```
